What's up with kids here, General Josh?
I bring a trick for grand theft auto 5
online for the 1.15 update and it's
a trick for infinite rpp is worth in this
trick you can make wolves but
alone without anybody's need and for this
trick we're going to need to get up
here that I leave the location here in
the map
it is simply here that I frame
look at this military base a little
a little more up now I teach it
well I put it here to create where is
the map and right up here we have
now notice that he zoomed in to
that you can see where it is
it's just under a bridge we have a
star you see the right laud and a
star then you have to come to the bridge
this and lower down is worth no
climb up the road you have to come by
down then we come walking
we come right here to this column of
just bridge to which I know marked in
the map is where exactly I am
placed ok we threw ourselves into the water
we approach here and we have to locate
this piece of wall then we take a
Weapon whichever you like most
same I in this case took out a submachine gun and
what you have to do is with the r1 in
case of play lean on the column as
you are going to see now that I support here a
Once supported leaving you have shots towards the
right and stay submerged in the water
more or less that the water arrives by the
chest is worth not to put on
completely to the right and note that
what you have to do is point
just point once while there
you point out was going to appear a
I fail to notice that the
Weapon of the hand to the player and the player
start as to float a bit starts
as to go up or it is very easy
we support with a gun on the wall and
we aim being submerged in the water
we tell what will happen will be that point
backwards and if it will get up a bit
then once that happens we have to already
stop being there is worth we have to
walk so that to stop being
you lean against the wall and see how much
more we climb
then the player walks in a straight line
so the more we go higher
we can be walking by him
this trick was already hovering over the internet
a while ago and this is a new site
where it can be done but here it does not end
the thing is worth we will take this
trick to get rp voucher for
get level up very easy
then I have left the road this
I followed myself to climb the mountain to
that you can see exactly the way that I
I'm still ok but you can go the other way
the case is to climb as high as possible
for when we walk when we go to
to walk straight you will see that we have floated
the air fix I put it on camera
fast I did not want you to jump and nothing
then when he came here to the peak more
I start walking towards the base
military that I have it right next to
then I walk and see how
I'm in the air because the trick is
in getting right to what is the border
from the military base
just what are the limits of the base
military then from the air we
we will stay inside and we will leave four
stars then what do you have to
to do is go back out and notice here
it's just happening
to fix with a meter I jump the
four stars for I turn around and
they start blinking when
they begin to blink it is simply
stay still then what will happen
will be that all four will be removed
four stars and they will give us 400 of rpp
well, all the time when they give us the
400 rpp re-enter we jump
the four stars come back out and
they take them away from us so well infinite
until we get tired of doing it
the trick
nothing else that consists of this then
I will leave here to fast camera
while I was doing rpp and then at
end of the video I leave you how to download
here is worth to download this site
searched because they are clearly played
in the air what we have to do is
stop being expelled and choose the
suicide option or with a grenade
holding it we will also die
when dying reappear we have normal
being with your feet on the ground
then nothing has no more to remember
how is the trick is to get to under the
bridge you lean on the wall with a gun
point and start to climb to the top
high that we can get closer to you and see
military and it's going in and out from the
heights and so we'll get erp so
nothing I hope you liked it
like to subscribe to my channel if I do not
You were hoping that you liked it as
I said and nothing we see in the next
video kids until next time
yes